[Wiki] Improve "Adding snippets" section (#3276)
elastic/eui: wiki/creating-components-manually.md

### Adding snippets
There are a couple themes to keep in mind when adding snippets:

#### Ask yourself
- Does this snippet provide the consumer with everything it needs for the component to work?
- Does this snippet provide the details of a specific object the component needs to work?
- If it doesn't provide either and the whole demo JS is needed for the component to work, then it's probably best to not add a snippet.

#### Stay consistent

> - When using text should it display actual strings or comments?

Reviewer: We probably want to be decisive here. So when we say "text" are we talking about child text like html text? If so I'd say it should be as comments with a description like from the recent EuiTitle snippet: https://github.com/elastic/eui/blob/19cbb7f850dc4e0bd9ff6c927c2bac6377935dde/src-docs/src/views/title/title_example.js#L14

Author: I removed this line because were have better explanations bellow.

- Don't use `this.` Write the snippet like a **Function Component** with descriptive function and state names.

``` js
<EuiPopover
  button={button}
  isOpen={isPopoverOpen}
  closePopover={closePopover}>
  <!-- Popover content -->
</EuiPopover>
```

> - If the demo code provides lots of examples, this is probably mostly for us maintainers to manage all the different states. However, **the consumer really just needs a single basic snippet**. In some cases you can add a second one with the **most common props in their default states**. The basic example should always come first.

Author: ```suggestion
- If the demo code provides lots of examples, this is probably mostly for us maintainers to manage all the different states. However, **the consumer really just needs a single basic snippet**. In some cases, you can add a second one with the **most commonly used props in their default states**. The basic example should always come first.
```

> - If the demo code provides lots of examples, this is probably mostly for us maintainers to manage all the different states. However, **the consumer really just needs a single basic snippet**. In some cases, you can add a second one with the **most commonly used props in their default states**. The basic example should always come first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the demo code provides lots of examples, this is probably mostly for us maintainers to manage all the different states. However, **the consumer really just needs a single basic snippet**. In some cases, you can add a second one with the **most commonly used props**. The basic example should always come first.
```

```js
<EuiLink href="#"><!-- Link text --></EuiLink>

> <EuiLink href="#" color="primary">

Author: @cchaos I'm not sure if we should use default props states. Wouldn't for instance `color="secondary"` make more sense?

Reviewer: Yeah I agree and we can remove the "default state" from the description above like...

Reviewer: Can you also make these two different code blocks similar to the way they'd be displayed in the docs?

  <!-- Colored link text -->
</EuiLink>
```

> - Use HTML comments to suggest what a `children` might be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use HTML comments to suggest what the `children` might be.
```

``` js
<EuiText color="danger"><!-- Raw HTML content --></EuiText>
```

> - The snippet should illustrate when a component requires its children to be wrapped with specific elements.

Author: ```suggestion
- The snippet should illustrate when a component requires its children to be wrapped with a specific tag.
```

``` js
<EuiCallOut>
  <p><!-- Content --></p>
</EuiCallOut>
```

- When a component contains a single element child the snippet should illustrate it.

``` js
<EuiTitle>
  <h2><!-- Text --></h2>
</EuiTitle>
```

> - When a component `prop` receives an array of objects use only one object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a prop receives an array of objects, display only one object and show all the required keys.
```

### Adding snippets
There are a couple themes to keep in mind when adding snippets:

#### Ask yourself
- Does this snippet provide the consumer with everything it needs for the component to work?
- Does this snippet provide the details of a specific object the component needs to work?
- If it doesn't provide either and the whole demo JS is needed for the component to work, then it's probably best to not add a snippet.

#### Stay consistent

> - Don't use `this.` Write the snippet like a **Function Component** with descriptive function and state names. Try to enforce what is the prop type whenever is possible. In the following example, the `anchorPosition` is a string and the other props suggest what they might represent.

Author: @andreadelrio I decided to move the idea of "enforcing the prop type" to this paragraph. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Hm I'm not so sure that wording is super clear. How about this?

```suggestion
- Don't use `this.` Write the snippet like a **Function Component** with descriptive function and state names. Try to show what the prop type is whenever possible. In the following example, the `anchorPosition` is a string and the other props use a variable that hints at the type of value that's expected.
```

Or... what if we come up with a general rule, instead of saying "whenever possible"? we ask them to do it with string props?

```suggestion
- Don't use `this.` Write the snippet like a **Function Component** with descriptive function and state names. Use a string as the prop value whenever possible. For instance, in the example below, `anchorPosition` is a string so we show a string as its value. For all other prop types, use a variable that hints at the type of value that's expected (e.g. `closePopover` for a function).
```

### Adding snippets
There are a couple themes to keep in mind when adding snippets:

#### Ask yourself
- Does this snippet provide the consumer with everything it needs for the component to work?
- Does this snippet provide the details of a specific object the component needs to work?
- If it doesn't provide either and the whole demo JS is needed for the component to work, then it's probably best to not add a snippet.

#### Stay consistent

> - Don't use `this.` Write the snippet like a **Function Component** with descriptive function and state names. Try to enforce what is the prop type whenever is possible. For instance, in the example below:

Author: @chaos and @andreadelrio,

I tried to compile all the ideas and improve the example. Any suggestion?

Reviewer: I think we just don't need to callout the typical string/enum value and only have an extra example specifically for **generated** strings. So probably something like:

---

- Don't use `this.`, but write the snippet like a **Function Component**.
- Use descriptive JS variables in place of **consumer generated** strings, functions, states and node prop types.
- All other props, like enums, should be written with proper value types.

```js
Popover example
```

Author: Thanks @cchaos! I included the suggestions!

```js
<EuiLink href="#"><!-- Link text --></EuiLink>
```

```js
<EuiLink href="#" color="secondary">
  <!-- Colored link text -->
</EuiLink>
```

- Use HTML comments to suggest what the `children` might be.

``` js
<EuiText color="danger"><!-- Raw HTML content --></EuiText>
```

- The snippet should illustrate when a component requires its children to be wrapped with a specific tag.

``` js
<EuiCallOut>
  <p><!-- Content --></p>
</EuiCallOut>
```

- When a component contains a single element child the snippet should illustrate it. Enforce best practices by providing a description.

``` js
<EuiTitle>
  <h2><!-- Defaults to medium size. Change the heading level based on your context. --></h2> 
</EuiTitle>
```

- When a prop receives an array of objects, display only one object and show all the required keys.

``` js
<EuiSteps
  steps={[
    {
      title: 'Step 1',
      children: <p>Do this first</p>,
    },
  ]}
/>
```

> - Use the right prop type. In the following example, the `alt` and `url` props are both strings.

Author: @cchaos what do you think about this rule? Right now in master, we have some examples like the following one. So consumers would have to delete the variables or declare them in order to use the snippet.
<img width="974" alt="Screenshot 2020-04-08 at 17 24 57" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2750668/78808870-f423fb00-79bd-11ea-9b7a-40dafd69fff5.png">

Reviewer 2: This is a good question. From what I remember the intent was to focus on showing the needed props to build something similar to the example rather than on their values/types. This way you can keep the snippet as simple/short as possible. In the `EuiImage` example, you have two props that you can replace with strings and the snippet's length remains unchanged. But if you take the case of say `EuiPopover` where they need to pass a button, would we then include the whole code for button in the example? If yes, my concern would be that eventually we could end up with something that feels more like the whole Demo JS tab and less as a snippet.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4016496/78811050-201f8c00-797e-11ea-963f-b76beaa9aea0.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4016496/78811400-ae940d80-797e-11ea-8c6f-0efad5cb9f0d.png)

Author: The way I'm thinking is that you don't need to include the whole code for `button`. In some cases, just a variable name would work. But they should be suggestive.

But in the `EuiImage` snippet, I don't see why we would use variables.

Reviewer: So I see the distinction being that the string can be one of two things:

1. It's an enum that is strictly typed to something that the component provides. eg: `iconSide="right"`
2. It's a string that the consumer has to generate like an `id`

So there should be some guideline around if the string is a **generated** one, in which I would then opt for using a variable like `id={popoverId}`.
